README.md, before:

# Code-of-Conduct

Welcome to <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Surrey-Code-Camp/">Surrey CodeCamp</a>!, An always growing community of Tech in Surrey,BC.

# Keeping it short:


# What not to do:

These are the rules/the things this space is not for. trying to keep them short. Breaking any of these will result in your prompt removal from SurreyCodeCamp.

<li>
No harassment, including personal attacks.
No spam. If Gmail wouldn't put it in my inbox, it shouldn't be in HH. This includes doing attention-catching things like writing in all caps, using linkbait headlines, or otherwise editing the post or preview to pop out at the cost of other posts. Posts not relating to hackathons or tech will also be considered spam.
No shitposting, bad programmer jokes, or memes. Consider posting in a HH Sensible Chuckle.
No recruiting for your startup, company, job, or organization. Consider posting in HH Job Listings instead.
No posting requests or giveaways for free stuff/invites. Those belong in HH Free Stuff.
No illegal/pirated content, requests for it, or information regarding the distribution of it.
No telling people they or their post is not welcome in Hackathon Hackers. If you think a post does not belong in HH, report the post or message an admin. If you make other people feel unwelcome in HH, we will remove you from the group.
</li>

Commit message:

Updating the code and conduct

README.md, after:

# Code-of-Conduct

Welcome to <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Surrey-Code-Camp/">Surrey CodeCamp</a>!, An always growing community of Tech in Surrey,BC.

All members, speakers, sponsors and volunteers at our events and chats are required to agree with the following code of conduct. Organizers will enforce this code throughout the events and communication channels such as Slack, twitter among others. We are expecting cooperation from all participants to help ensure a safe environment for everybody.

# Keeping it short:

We all shall provide a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion (or lack thereof). Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any event venue, including talks, workshops, parties, Twitter and other online media. Event participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the event without a refund (if applicable) at the discretion of the Surrey CodeCamp organizers.

# What not to do:

These are the rules/the things this space is not for. Breaking any of these will result in your prompt removal from SurreyCodeCamp.


* No harassment, including personal attacks, offensive verbal attacks.<br>
* No spam. If Gmail wouldn't put it in my inbox, it shouldn't be in any of our channels. This includes doing attention-catching things like writing in all caps, using linkbait headlines.<br>
* No recruiting for your startup, company, job, or organization. This is not the place to pitch your business idea. (Unless it is an event dedicated to it).<br>
* No illegal/pirated content, requests for it, or information regarding the distribution of it.<br>

# What to do in case of..

If you think some of these rules are being broken by a particular member, please notify it to your closest Organizer. Help us keep this community open and friendly.

<strong>Sponsors are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular, sponsors should not use sexualized images, or other material.</strong>

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact an organizer immediately.

Organizers will be happy to help participants contact venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the event.

# Slack Communication Best Practices: 

Use of proper channels.<br>* #general: our main channel, all introductions are done on this channel, and mayor public conversations.<br>* #Links-and-resources: Share relevant resources that can enrich the community's knowledge.<br>* #Jobboard: for posting Job seeking related material, also job opportunities that could benefit other members.<br>* #Virtualmeetup: this channel is reserved to be used whenever we have a virtual event. <br>* #random: bad programmer jokes, or memes, invitations to beers, cats and dogs, or other content that you would like to share with the community as long as it doesn't violates the Code of Conduct.
